README.md, before:

# Senkovi.py

## What is it?
Inspired by this [tweet](https://twitter.com/bio_bootloader/status/1636880208304431104?s=20) by bio_bootloader, I wrote a Python script that uses the GPT-4 API to "heal" other pytho scripts. As of now, it catches some basic errors, and in my incredibly limited testing, it fixes them.

## Usage
You just need an OpenAI API Key and GPT-4 access, although this probably could work well enough with GPT-3.5-turbo. I haven't tested that yet.
Then just run it as follows:
`python senkovi.py buggy_program.py`

If you want to pass in the intent of the program, you can do so as follows. Note that this is an optional argument.
`python senkovi.py buggy_program.py "This program is meant to add numbers"`

## Contributions
I would love your contributions. Just make a Pull Request and add what you think might be cool.

## More features
- Pass in a user description of what the script *should* do, and see if GPT can catch and fix more abstract logic errors.
- Passing in a suite of tests and their results so that GPT has more info with which to fix things
- Prettifying the terminal output to show diffs nicely.

## Naming
- Named Senkovi after Disra Senkovi from *Children of Ruin*.

Commit message:

Added Fabian to spin up new programs from scratch
Fabian takes in a prompt from the user and can use it to create small programs from scratch.

README.md, after:

# Senkovi

## What is it?
Inspired by this [tweet](https://twitter.com/bio_bootloader/status/1636880208304431104?s=20) by bio_bootloader, I wrote a Python script that uses the GPT-4 API to "heal" other pytho scripts. As of now, it catches some basic errors, and in my incredibly limited testing, it fixes them. It now also can write a small program with a prompt passed in and then iteratively heal that program until it works.

## Usage
You just need an OpenAI API Key in your env and GPT-4 access, although this probably could work well enough with GPT-3.5-turbo. I haven't tested that yet.
Then just run it as follows:

`python senkovi.py buggy_program.py`

If you want to pass in the intent of the program, you can do so as follows. Note that this is an optional argument.

`python senkovi.py buggy_program.py "This program is meant to add numbers"`

To write a program from scratch, use fabian.py.

`python fabian.py "A python script to plot a quadratic equation and save it to an image"`

Notice that you do not actually provide a filename, this is probably an oversight, but fabian.py comes up with the filename itself.
Running fabian.py will run the program fabian writes as well, be careful!

## Limitations and Dangers
- 8k context length for GPT-4 api limits the size of the programs and projects that can be constructed.
- `senkovi.py` does not catch logic errors unless they crash the program
- `fabian.py` has all the problems `senkovi.py` does, although it seems to write programs correctly on the first try
- You're letting code you didn't write execute on your machine if you run this locally. This could potentially brick your computer.
- It is really slow. Hopefully speed picks up as OpenAI improves their infra for GPT-4.

## Contributions
I would love your contributions. Just make a Pull Request and add what you think might be cool.

## To-do
- [x] Pass in a user description of what the script *should* do, to give Senkovi more info to work with
- [x] Prettifying the terminal output to show diffs nicely.
- [x] A script to write a program from scratch
- [ ] Catch logic errors, not just errors that crash the program
- [ ] "Safe mode" where the user has to approve the code before it is run
- [ ] More interactivity where the user can guide the repairs to the code?
- [ ] Better TUI

## Naming
- `senkovi.py` named Senkovi after Disra Senkovi from *Children of Ruin*.
- `fabian.py` named Fabian after some of the spiders from *Children of Time*.
